README.md, before:

# SOEN 6481

                                                         CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY
                                          DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
                                                              SOEN 6471
                                          SOFTWARE SYSTEMS REQUIREMENTS SPECIFICATION: SECTION AA
                                                              SUMMER 2020
  
                                                          PROJECT DESCRIPTION
INTRODUCTION

This project is about designing, describing, implementing a proof-of-concept, and
evaluating the software architecture of an HIS, namely iCare. The presence of an effective healthcare information system (HIS) is central to the
success of Health Informatics in an organization.

# Team Members: TEAM E

Abdul Sadiq Mohammad          :  401, Email : sadiqmohammad214@gmail.com

Sardar Mutesham Ali Mohammed  :  400, Email : sardarms9@gmail.com

Pranoti Mulay                 :  400, Email : opranoti@gmail.com

Manasa Murali                 :  40082609, Email :  m.manasamurali@gmail.com

Prateek Narula                :  40091466, Email : narula.prateek20@gmail.com

Mohammad Reza Navazani		  :  400, Email : mre.navazani@gmail.com

# GIT HUB link : https://github.com/prtknrla/SOEN-6471.git

# Roles and Responsibilities:

Deliverable 1

# Abdul Sadiq Mohammad



# Sardar Mutesham Ali Mohammed



  
# Pranoti Mulay
 
 

# Prateek Narula



# Manasa Murali


# Mohammad Reza Navazani

Commit message:

Added Instructions to run the server

README.md, after:

# SOEN 6481

                                                         CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY
                                          DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
                                                              SOEN 6471
                                          SOFTWARE SYSTEMS REQUIREMENTS SPECIFICATION: SECTION AA
                                                              SUMMER 2020
  
                                                          PROJECT DESCRIPTION
INTRODUCTION

This project is about designing, describing, implementing a proof-of-concept, and
evaluating the software architecture of an HIS, namely iCare. The presence of an effective healthcare information system (HIS) is central to the success of Health Informatics in an organization.

# Team Members: TEAM E
Abdul Sadiq Mohammad          :  401, Email : sadiqmohammad214@gmail.com

Sardar Mutesham Ali Mohammed  :  400, Email : sardarms9@gmail.com

Pranoti Mulay                 :  400, Email : opranoti@gmail.com

Manasa Murali                 :  40082609, Email :  m.manasamurali@gmail.com

Prateek Narula                :  40091466, Email : narula.prateek20@gmail.com

Mohammad Reza Navazani		  :  400, Email : mre.navazani@gmail.com

# GIT HUB link : https://github.com/prtknrla/SOEN-6471.git

# Roles and Responsibilities:

Deliverable 1

# Abdul Sadiq Mohammad

# Sardar Mutesham Ali Mohammed
  
# Pranoti Mulay

# Prateek Narula

# Manasa Murali

# Mohammad Reza Navazani	


This Project is a partial implementation of iCare Health Service system which would be used to schedule appointments will a Doctor in a faster and efficient way. The documentation related to the project itself will be provided seperately in LaTex formatted document (as sugggested by the professor). However, Inorder to download run the project, the below information is required for system startup.

The System is build using NodeJS as a the backend server using Express framework. The View engine used is jade. The Database implemented was MongoDB

To Run the system, you should install the latest version of NodeJS
The system uses many node modules which are provided in package.json, download those modules using npm installer
To start the system, run the command npm start from the folder which has file app.js
The Server will start running on the port 3000
There is a dedicated gmail account for the system and its credentials are 
user:"iCareCheck@gmail.com",
pass:"Family20@"
From this account you can see the mails sent from the system
If you add the account to your device, you will be able to access the server deployed on cloud shell using the link
https://3000-dot-12734695-dot-devshell.appspot.com/?authuser=2

The database used is Mongo DB, However, instead of building the DB ourself, we used a SaaS platform.
You can get access to the DB upon requesting from our team.
